"Some practices can be derived, not can be, not same as that can be, can be divided into two so
easy understandings, so we have to capture something. This is also of course, we are practicing,
but same time we are studying, we are contemplating, studying and contemplating, so therefore it's
good to know as much as something tangible knowledge in our mind or heart or brain and heart, so we
can observe that and activate that.
So therefore, again, of course you all know it's not something that I'm talking new things that you
don't know. Again, I hope it will be a little bit reminding to you all of us, to me, to you all.
And that is known as the FSCA again, and yoga of the meditation and the yoga of the post-med
itations.
That indicating also the practicing always, not just the practicing short time, whatever the time
you do practicing on the sitting on the cushion and then kind of left the practice completely with
that, with cushion. That is not the idea.
And what we can do, really keep the practicing, even you left the cushion, but keep up that with
the practices. How we can keep up that practices? Really those fundamental practices, such as joy
and appreciations, bodhicchathas.
And then also all this phenomenon existing is the magic of the splits, magic of the splits. Life is
precious and everything is permanent. Cause and effect are inevitable. Samsara has challenges,
challenges, conduct those attitude, even for a second if you can bring up, those are known as
keeping up the post-meditations.
And also thought, if you can bring up those thoughts, what is known? Also they are mindfulness,
really money. It will bring ourselves back to our homes with all. It makes ourselves more calm and
more rich.
If you can take those, not just left only during the left there with the cushion or the inside, but
if you think throughout the daytime, as much as you can, even per second, it is practical in stock
ings, very practical.
And we have to be practical. To be good practitioner, it is important to be practical. Not just
only looking one side, or honest kind of saying, "Oh, this is not this and that."
Put up from the grass root, be humble, be simple, looking for more courage and commitment and more
distortions. Then really truly they are known as you are moving forward, warriorships, warriorships
.
As Bodhisattva, known as warrior to the enlightenment, Bodhisattva, Sancha Sambha, warrior to the
enlightenment, you are keeping up that.
That's how we keep that. That's not just only during meditation, but we keep that in the post-med
itation too.
So that is yoga of the post-meditation. Yoga of the meditation now can be divided into two
categories.
Yoga of the weak, creative stage. Yoga of the complete stage practice. These two practices.
I already mentioned that yoga of the creative stage practicing is you activating the relative truth
as enlightenment.
In sutra teaching, Buddha never taught to yourself to become as enlightened or everything is
enlightened. Only in the dandara teaching, Buddha wanted.
That's why called dandari is sugaric teachings, direct teachings, that point out.
So, now yoga of the visualization of the creative stage, yoga of the complete stage.
now visualization can be also has